[.NET 9 rc1] Add docs for configuring .NET install search behaviour in published apphost (#42397)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/deploy-with-cli.md

> [!NOTE]
> You can reduce the total size of your deployment by enabling **globalization invariant mode**. This mode is useful for applications that are not globally aware and that can use the formatting conventions, casing conventions, and string comparison and sort order of the [invariant culture](xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.InvariantCulture). For more information about **globalization invariant mode** and how to enable it, see [.NET Globalization Invariant Mode](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/docs/design/features/globalization-invariant-mode.md).

> ### Configuring .NET install search behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure .NET install search behavior
```

> In .NET 9 RC1 and later versions, how the published executable looks for a .NET install can be configured via the [`AppHostDotNetSearch`](../project-sdk//msbuild-props.md#apphostdotnetsearch) and [`AppHostRelativeDotNet`](../project-sdk//msbuild-props.md#apphostrelativedotnet) properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In .NET 9 RC1 and later versions, you can configure how the published executable looks for a .NET installation via the [`AppHostDotNetSearch`](../project-sdk//msbuild-props.md#apphostdotnetsearch) and [`AppHostRelativeDotNet`](../project-sdk//msbuild-props.md#apphostrelativedotnet) properties.
```

Reviewer 2: The mention of RC1 makes more sense in "what's new". It doesn't make sense in topic-specific docs. We should just say ".NET 9 and later versions".

Reviewer 2: > how the published executable looks

I think the common language for this might be "search paths" or something similar. I also think that this phrasing is more likely to be picked up by search engines.

> `AppHostDotNetSearch` allows specifying one or more locations the executable will look for a .NET install:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AppHostDotNetSearch` allows specifying one or more locations where the executable will look for a .NET installation:
```

Reviewer 2: Yes. "where" is better than "how".

- `AppLocal`: app executable's folder
- `AppRelative`: path relative to the app executable
- `EnvironmentVariables`: value of [`DOTNET_ROOT[_<arch>]`](../tools/dotnet-environment-variables.md#dotnet_root-dotnet_rootx86-dotnet_root_x86-dotnet_root_x64) environment variables

> - `Global`: [registered](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/install-locations.md#global-install-to-custom-location) and [default](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/install-locations.md#global-install-to-default-location) or default global locations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Global`: [registered](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/install-locations.md#global-install-to-custom-location) and [default](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/install-locations.md#global-install-to-default-location) global install locations
```

Reviewer 2: I believe that it's both "default" and "global". There can be global installs that are not default. In fact, I believe that various distro use the `/etc/dotnet/install_location` files for this purpose.

`AppHostRelativeDotNet` specifies the path relative to the executable that will be searched when `AppHostDotNetSearch` contains `AppRelative`.

> For more information, see [`AppHostDotNetSearch`](../project-sdk//msbuild-props.md#apphostdotnetsearch), [`AppHostRelativeDotNet`](../project-sdk//msbuild-props.md#apphostrelativedotnet), and [install location options in apphost](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/proposed/apphost-embed-install-location.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [`AppHostDotNetSearch`](../project-sdk//msbuild-props.md#apphostdotnetsearch), [`AppHostRelativeDotNet`](../project-sdk//msbuild-props.md#apphostrelativedotnet) and [install location options in apphost](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/proposed/apphost-embed-install-location.md).
```
